Now, welcome to this section on descriptive matching.
You now know what key points are,
and how they can be characterized using descriptors.
Now, let's assume that we have a set of key points and descriptors in one image,
and another set in the second image which shows the same scene content,
but later in time.
Now, the question is,
how can we find the best partners or matches between the two sets?
That's what this section is about.
Now, the following you will be focusing on three main aspects.
The first is how to gauge the similarity between two descriptors.
We will look at similarity measures such as the sum of absolute differences,
sum of square differences,
and the Hamming distance,
which is well-suited for binary descriptors and super fast.
The second is how to decide whether
two descriptors are similar based on the similarity measure.
The main question is where to position the selection threshold,
and what about unwanted correspondences.
Lastly, we will focusing on an overview of methods and
concepts for assessing the performance of the type of descriptors,
to find out which one is best suited for a particular problem.
There's a coding exercise waiting for you down below,
where you will be using the brisk binary descriptor and
the concept called descriptor distance ratio,
which is simple and super effective in removing unwanted correspondences.
So don't lose too much time,
and start right away with this lesson.
See you down below.